fix: Update error code for check failure (#1705)
apollographql/apollo-cli: src/error/metadata/codes/E043.md

This error occurs when a check fails because the proposed schema resulted in one of build, operations, linter or downstream task to fail.

> Please view the check in [Apollo Studio](https://studio.apollographql.com/) at the provided link to see the failure reason. You can read more about client checks [here](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/studio/schema-checks/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error occurs when a build, operation, and/or linter check step fails due to a change in the schema.

Please view the check in [Apollo Studio](https://studio.apollographql.com/) at the provided link to see the failure reason. You can read more about schema checks [here](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/studio/schema-checks/).
```
